Metadata-Version: 1.0
Name: pyprimes
Version: 0.1.1a
Summary: Generate and test for prime numbers.
Home-page: http://code.google.com/p/pyprimes/
Author: Steven D'Aprano
Author-email: steve+python@pearwood.info
License: MIT
Description: Compare a variety of algorithms for generating and testing prime numbers
        with the pure-Python module ``pyprimes``.
        
        Prime numbers are those positive integers which are not divisible exactly
        by any number other than itself or one. Generating primes and testing for
        primality has been a favourite mathematical pastime for centuries, as well
        as of great practical importance for encrypting data.
        
        Features of ``pyprimes``:
        
            - Produce prime numbers lazily, on demand.
            - Effective, fast algorithms including Sieve of Eratosthenes,
              Croft Spiral, and Wheel Factorisation.
            - Test whether numbers are prime efficiently.
            - Deterministic and probabilistic primality tests.
            - Examples of what *not* to do provided, including trial
              division, Turner's algorithm, and primality testing
              using a regular expression.
            - Factorise numbers into the product of prime factors.
            - Suitable for Python 2.5 through 3.2 from one code base.
        
        
Keywords: prime,primes,math,maths,algorithm,fermat,miller-rabin
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.0
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.1
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Environment :: Other Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
